The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother made advice show for the modren
era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet swaddled baby Griffin McElroy. Hi!
Hi guys it's the most wonderful time of the year. Lay's Do Us a Flavor Taste of America is back
with four or some other number. It is four! It is some other number new flavors. Each of us has
gotten one of these brand new flavors to uh to sample and try and I thought we could just start
off the show with a taste test to find out get this battle royale going. Now let me see let me
grab my bag uh that I have uh I got here. Now I have the that's oh that sounds like a thick
and solid timing cracker barrel bag. Yeah and they hit they really sprung for quality packaging. Now
right here I have um meatloaf Aunt Judy's okay meatloaf Aunt Judy's meatloaf uh-huh flavored
spaghetti sauce on rigatoni chips. Okay but all right so I'm so down with so many of the layers
the complex flavor layers that Lay's is bringing to the table or should I say that Lay's has
accepted into their retinue of flavors um except the the spaghetti sauce on rigatoni just seems
like they should just call that spaghetti right because I don't think unless there's a texture
and I don't want to pull out my foodie card on you but there is a definite flavor in spaghetti
it's a very earthy uh like rustic flavor and in rigatoni it's much more of like a city like uh
like uptown elitist flavor. Okay now I'm uh taking them to the uh bud shack which is what I call my
mouth. All right here we go. It tastes exactly like meatloaf Aunt Judy's meatloaf flavored
spaghetti on rigatoni but in a ship. It's amazing. I've got pineapple and cottage cheese that was
left out on the counter overnight but you put it back in the fridge but now you're unsure whether
or not you want to eat it chips chips it my god is that the accuracy is what I'm first struck by
you can you can taste you can taste the time you can taste the time you can also taste like the
indecision as to whether or not it's safe to eat like I don't know I don't know if that comes from
like beaver anal glands or what that is or how they get that flavor that's amazing but in the
best thing those pineapple is it pineapple did you say yeah those chips gonna make you
your spunk taste good my spunks that's just a whole factoid from that I picked up from
GQ magazine now Griffin what did you what flavor did you guys I have this bag I'm reading I you
sent me this I didn't buy this at the store because I'd be too embarrassed it seems weirdly
conceptual because the the the bag has the words printed on it grandpa's war stories
chips chips well no it doesn't say it doesn't say chips if you look all over a bag of Lays it
doesn't say chips anywhere on there you know what you're getting into it's got the Lays brand on it
you know these grandpa war stories are going to be delivered in chip form so let me just
print like like really utilitarian like no images like right ration like they've been rationed like a
chip ration do you mean do you mean ration you psychopath I did when I started and then I said
ration and then I thought I should lean into it like it's a joke I'm doing all right uh let me
crack these open the meaty bag Griffin in case it's some sort of crystal
kill the gelatinous cube that was protecting hey I'm sorry I didn't have chips on hand like
my two brothers who apparently just have chips on their desk ready at the at the anyway oh I'm
definitely eating chips right now and uh kind of a musty kind of a musty scent and that they do
they taste they're they seem like they carry a lot of caloric value which is good for like powering
your very dense yeah it gives you it's gonna give you a lot of like bayonet stab energy
out on the field um and um just let me get another bite it tastes like grandpa's been
lying to us this whole time oh shit it's it's weird that that revelation had to come
from the lays factory but I think he may I mean I think he may have conflated some of his shit
with like some some Spielbergian nonsense like I think our grandpa this whole time you know all
those stories he told us about how um he would carry wounded troops from the front line to the
battlefield back to the back lines about where they can get help and then back once they were
healthy again and then um also he was a horse I think he just went and saw war horse and just
kind of lifted it wholesale it does explain why he didn't start telling those stories until like a
decade ago right when war horse came out anyway that's what these chips have told me I'm gonna
open the fourth bag here these are we're gonna keep going huh well this is the last flavor okay
truffle fries well that sounds like a real oh god that's disgusting ladies you should be ashamed
of yourself ladies and gentlemen this has been our first ever skit I really hope you like and
seen and let this skit let this skit stand as a testament lays we will never accept your money
we will never ever ever do a sponsored episode for you ladies no matter how much you want to pay us
yeah there's no number no we're drawing a line in the sand lays you I will give an independent
sponsorship no lays and Justin don't have to know about you can't buy yeah Travis will just
start saying a lot of really positive stuff about lays chips and to and Justin it might raise our
suspicions I want to take this is an advice for the modern era I'm just a macro uh I want to take
our list we already said our names I want to take a listeners inside a bit because like a lot of
people are like where do they come up with this stuff uh this great stuff and today it was um
uh we had uh my daughter's birthday party for her first birthday she is not at a chip eating age
no they weren't just for her there were other people in attendance and I uh we had some rich
chips and I wanted an in-fiction reason to eat some during the show oh I thought as it goes here
it's like I've actually just finished today taste testing all four flavors from the new lays line
so uh basically the gravy is the best all right followed by the gyro and then the ruben sandwich
and truffle fries are the worst I didn't get much out of the truffle fries we we served this
why it just sounds like you guys ate a lot of chips today that's a lot of chips let's ask
some questions and then by which I mean answer the ones that got asked to us by us for us from us
with us brothers I have a bachelor's degree in psychology my friends and I often have
conversations where psychological ideas are pertinent but because there are so many movies
and tv shows that deal with forensic psychology I never know which facts and concepts are common
knowledge and which aren't if you want to drop a sweet psych fact in a relevant context of course
should I say something to indicate it might be common knowledge like of course or you probably
already know or should I just say the thing and treat it as a revelation every time both sound
really annoying and arrogant to me yeah but which one is better and that's from possibly pretentious
by the pacific and my friend there's a third option you have not yet considered let me let me
it's one word let me just highlight it for you don't I think that was I think it was two words
actually the way you just said it don't hold on hold on don't do it as someone who likes to be
pretentious and spout facts that they know what if you're helping like answer a question what if
people are going hey why why do have you is there a thing where why do people and you're like well
it's this that's that can be useful and helpful right yeah it's not that it's a it's the thing
that like if you okay if you have to couch anything this much like if you have to like
contextualize what you're going to say this much I don't think it's like the perfect bone more to
like drip into the conversation I'm not I'm not positive about it uh I I do Sydney has this problem
where she has a lot of medical knowledge and like she has the real burden she's a lot well
this specific issue that we're discussing she has lost her barometer for like what people know about
like pills and bones and blood and stuff so she'll like say I mean she'll say like well and of course
those uh they're you can't even fake some shit that's how off the game you are no no it's like
she'll say like and then he was walking he had a broken um they're these two long things
that come down from your crotch and feet at the end you mean legs yeah is that a common yeah like
I everybody knows legs Sydney that's one it must be especially hard though to be like to actually
have like a degree in something and be surrounded by people that watched CSI and like SVU and shit
and they're like well you know the reason people behave that way and you're just sitting there like
sitting there like biting your tongue like that's wrong like that's not true they have steered you
wrong sir but like you don't want to correct everybody and be the guy let like you can't have
a conversation about a movie with because like they want to correct all the facts in it that's
why people stop talking to me about Looper oh my god Travis and Looper I got real issues with Looper
you guys what what expertise are you bringing to the Looper table I've done a lot of independent
study on time travel Justin a lot I've read books about it I've I've watched just about every time
travel movie that exists and I see the lake house hey hey hey hey hey no I've never seen lake house
griffin you've got me there a bozinga one point for griffin we're keeping score for the rest of
this podcast oh okay it's just a fun you know been looking for fun bits I thought it'd be fun if we
could like keep score gamify let me let me offer this suggestion and then you guys tell me that
I'm wrong um what if you just say it as if like you're saying a thing that everybody knows that
if you're just like well you know that blah blah blah blah blah and then if you were like really
you're like oh yeah and then like then you get to like see I think the you know thing bothers me
because it does assume like this is just something that everybody knows like it could come off as that
like I I just don't think you pre-sell it I think you just drop it because if you're talking to
people you know like they'll know where you're coming from with it like they'll know your
expertise I said just don't like preamble just get in there with your facts but you gotta you
got you guys aren't considering this third heat that I'm now going to bring to the discussion
which is this is great and all and you're considering these two possibilities you're
gonna say something smart that they didn't know and making them feel small when you preface it
with this or you're gonna say something and they of course know exactly what you're talking about
and you must think we're so stupid third heat what if you're wrong about anything and they know
the truth what if you're ever like hey have you ever heard of this guy sigmund freud and they're
like are you talking about the freud and then you say no sigmund freud he came up calling him the
freud he came up with this thing he came up with this thing called the fredible complex and it's
where you want to have sex with your dog are you sure about any of that yes i'm super sure i have
a doctor's degree in brains in brain smarts i know all about brain i got my degree in the in the
in the freud's examination of the brain and all the crazy ways that can get whacked out
i went over to italy and i studied at illustrious colleges also i'm having an aphasia please take
me to the hospital did you guys know does anybody else smell burnt toast of course you all know that
an aphasia is where you want to eat pizza all the time please help please help time losses brain
loss do you guys want yahoo yeah sure it's yahoo is sending by zoey kensky climbing that ladder
it's by yahoo answers user heart heart heart it's just three heart emoticons they ask
my dad smells his fingers why
so wherever we are either in the car the store anywhere he smells his fingers and it gets on
my nerves so much whatever he does he usually smells it for example he puts his fingers through
his mustache and smells it he rubs his hands on his face and he smells it he even takes his socks
off and picks his toenails and smells it he puts his hands in his armpit and smells it he'll rub
his hand around his neck and smells it he'll put his fingernail between his teeth and he smells it
he runs his fingers on his lips and smells it you name it he probably smells it it bothers the heck
out of me and it's embarrassing when we're in public spaces uh so what i want to know is why
uh so what i want to know is why does he smell uh his fingers there is one sure fire way to stop
this behavior every time he does it lean in real close to him like i'm comfortably close and just
say hey can i get ahead of that next let me uh let me get hit past that past the dutchie on the
left hand side don't vote on that sweet sniff um i think the reason he does it it's probably
because he sounds like the worst oh no come on picture this is someone's daddy that you're
close your eyes picture this in any way that's not creepy okay here you want me to give it to
you the non-creepy way please what if this is some sort of patriarchal proboscis that he is using
as as as an as a sensory appendage to sort of get a feel for the environment like smell
a location smell a location i'm saying all this other stuff like armpit gross whatever hero
this is his evolved state is that he's achieved dad smell what potential what potential reason
could he possibly have for rubbing extend your extend your everyone listening at home fun
highlights activity for the listeners at home extend your middle and index fingers and then
rub them around your neck and then smell them what do you get i'm getting i don't get anything
from that but i haven't evolved this like super sense just tweet whatever that smells like hashtag
neck smell hashtag nbnbaf i i if i were this dad every time i did it i would just say like number
and then days like rub my neck three days and then just go on about my business my blood pressure is
110 over 75 not bad not bad i got that entirely through my extra sensory double smells
maybe he's been told by a doctor or other professional that he he's loo he's gonna lose his sense of smell
like it's he's got some sort of like live like your smell sense was dying like he has
it's like a progressive loss of smelling and he wants to savor it all like he doesn't want to
and i don't want to miss the smell you know does he work for yankee candle oh my god oh my god
oh yeah wait a minute okay okay i got it he works at yankee candle but yankee candles become stale
right like fresh sheets pine cones burnt apples we got it all there's no smells that we have old hair
yeah we got all the smells we need we need a smell pioneer doug and doug like kicks in the door he's
like i've got the new way of smells and they're like hey doug tell us about him he's like i need
time to research you can't rush this guy you have one month i want a new candle on my desk in one
month everything he pitches his finger and something finger i got one it's called um dad's
neck no doug stash after ice cream no no that one's not gonna do it steering wheel close close
finger and steering wheel nailed it you're back well this is this is this is the problem right
he has this proboscis this this um this uh dad tendril right that he uses to collect his smells
and bring it to his ovipositors and um that's great and all but i think he is going to experience
some severe cross-contamination like every it's going to be dad neck and also your finger and
like everywhere else your finger is unless he has like some sort of little bag that he carries with
him that he dips his fingers in between smells to sort of cleanse the palate some kind of smell
sorbet yes exactly exactly how do you think this is this is a legitimate question if you go into
a clothing store they've obviously been inspired by the fashion magazines the fashions of of gay
perry the runways the lights the glamour maybe hollywood avant-garde art edge outsiders fashion
holy shit okay those were all obviously those are all applicable hashtags for our podcast that's
how that's how that's how that works if you are someone at yankee candle how do you like a scent
executive okay how do you keep like how do you get out there in front of what people will be smelling
tomorrow like how do you how do you decide what the sense of the future will be this winter it's
all beach sense i want this sand i want lemon i want reeds people watch the news they see a lot
of heartbreak a lot of downtrodden souls they want lilac get me new dog smell i want new dog smell
think outside the box i don't think also inside the box smell who doesn't love that this summer's
all about cinnamon teddy grams i think you guys are looking in the wrong direction i don't think
the smells of the future are going to come from the future at all i think they're going to come
from the past oh retro ones they didn't sell well yes but also like cigarette diner sale
secret that is a great one are you kidding me i i i love that smell when i walk into like a
building and usually in like kentucky and it's like oh this show needs used to get lit up oh
what about what how about a candle called cold war panic and it just smells like the underside
of a desk no further further further i want one that's how about a candle called cuneiform oh
witch hunt witch hunt great and that one can have like witch hazel in it and well when you get it
to the bottom just a burned poppet oh that was very sad there was a candle company that was a
shark tank and they had and it was the man candle right so it was like i'm sorry was it not mandel
no it was man candle because that sounds like manhandle which is a different thing that also
sounds like man candy and then that smells like john candy and now that i'm thinking about it
that's another good candle smell that yeah uh who's harry crumb cake um they uh uh thank you griffin
uh they they have a a whole range of of different scents for man yeah like uh golf course is one not
a smell not a bacon new car and then my favorite fart oh why what could i'm not one to judge but
come on grow up i am i don't know how i'm gonna obtain this information before next week's
recording i don't know how i'm gonna obtain this information but i guarantee this is this is i'll
stake my career on this that fart is by a enormous majority their bestseller by a by an insane
majority their bestseller like 96 fart just all fart you think farts the hottest one i think
farts the hottest one because we can't keep them on the shelves mr spencer if i i want them in my
store well yeah you're gonna obviously the distribution channel possibilities for fart
candles are infinite but not only that if i only have enough money to buy one of those candles and
i know my heart of hearts i'm never ever going to patronize a establishment called man candles ever
again which one of those am i gonna buy or or to put it differently which one of those am i gonna
regret not buying for the rest of my life and it is of course fart candle which one do you want
people to see on your shelf and if it says man candle and anything but fart yeah they're like
oh that's really stupid yeah um i want to move on because we've been talking about smells for a
while and i feel like smells are 50 of listening to podcasts they say um but talking about the the
dad with his finger smells the toss me toss me back in time did it toss you back in time and it
brought up a vivid vivid memory possibly a life-defining memory and um i was at michael's
and we were all kids and justin you were there and mom had just checked out at michael's and
the two of us were there she just bought some i don't know probably some cross stitch supplies
and we just walked out past the register and we were in sort of the michael's breezeway
and you put your fingers just like on my nose middle and index like you were doing some sort
of salute only you put it right on my nose and the smell was bad it was a bad smell and you said
doesn't that smell like ketchup and i said what and then i looked and you showed me that you put
your fingers in your armpits and then you smelled them and you said my armpits smell a lot like
ketchup and i thought it's over between the two the two of us professionally are over so one i
just kind of wanted to get that story out there because i feel like talking about it is going to
be the best way to move on now that it's every year that well that's your memory that's good
press the hell out of that yeah i haven't apparently i have successfully until just this
moment so i guess the second the second thing is um maybe this dad produces a lot of interesting
smells maybe maybe maybe he got maybe his armpits do smell like a rotation of condiments maybe his
mustache does smell like fart i don't know i have two questions yeah one when was this ballparking
for me oh my god uh you were not as young as you probably wish you were i'm gonna say you were
probably 14 years old okay so that would have put you in about seven here's one weird thing about
it i was not a ketchup fan back then no no not at all i wonder how i had such a good reference point
well your body's changing your body's maturing in ways you probably didn't understand oh that's a
good candle smell puberty yeah yeah two uh question um for you griffin yeah did it uh can i
say something yeah no homie it didn't like i think you just wanted to give someone a smell i think
it was like a i think it was listen that none of the three of us picked on each other really at all
and i feel like that was your feeble attempt at at a prank second muster well we did throw baseball
bats at each other well that was less a prank that was that was good heart that was like pure
of heart kind of yeah games we just didn't understand consequences yeah or rules or they
they're the mechanics weren't sophisticated for taste my steel how about another question
another question uh hi brothers i play on a sunday recreational dodgeball team and there is a uh girl
on one of the teams who is beautiful time slowed down when i passed her in the gym the other day
she's a warlock my team she's a she's a chronomancer it's no big deal oh she she is a
lovely lady and seems like she's got a great personality and also she can dilate the universe
which seems unfair in dodgeball terms yeah a little bit a little bit maybe want to talk to
the uh ref on that one come on ref she's dilating the universe my team is playing against hers in
three weeks how do i execute the dodgeball meet cute do i try to get her out every time
catch her throws and wink as i do it please help i have you guys ever been to like an adult
like uh dodgeball game uh no my friends here in california are in a dodgeball league it's
it's terrifying yeah it's chaos yeah and like like i see people get seriously injured doing it
i just want to make it clear it is intense and it's scary and like if you like there's no glass
you know you're you're there this is like arena i should hope there's no glass well i mean like
there's nothing protecting you from the action oh you the observer are worried about yeah yeah i
guess so yeah yeah i guess that's a good that's a good like perfectly tense though for the moment
when one comes rocking at you and you just like one hand catch it and they're like yes well that's
how i became the chosen one uh more likely is a dodgeball would hit travis in his face and break
every bone in his body and kill him instantly like the mom in a prayer for owen meaning
wow spoilers um uh don't oh yikes it's i just don't think you you just shouldn't like you just
shouldn't do this thing if you if you see someone that you are interested in like you know go up and
talk to them or whatever but we we we've done almost like we've done so much of this show now
and our position of don't have an artifice for your like romantic approach is pretty firm all
you have to do is what you've got here and i think what makes this different from a lot
of the times we've gotten this question is like you have a thing to talk about after the game is
over like you you can just walk up and say hey good game like you guys did great and like start
a conversation with her do you have do you want to do you want a juice box or maybe a little juice
box of orange slices like you don't have to like manufacture this isn't like she works at a place
and you want to like you're both there doing the same thing now the only time that you can't do
this is if your team beats them like mercilessly like there's no like if they get mercyed i don't
know if you can mercy someone at dodgeball and then you walk up and say hey good game yeah but
don't say like that a good game good game i guess are you telling me travis are you suggesting am i
hearing what i'm hearing are you saying this person needs to take a dive well are you missing
their shots you gotta make it look you gotta sell it you gotta take a dive but you can't your team
can't get beaten mercilessly by them it's gotta be close but they need to win by like you know
one down to their last player down to two that one player takes you and the other maybe you bump
the other player okay you gotta be close you're assuming his team has a winning chance at all
when this woman can just point at people on your team and instantly age them 70 years yeah but she
can maybe do that once or twice before the ref is gonna notice you can throw a ball at her she can
turn your blood to dust yeah what chance do you have or turn you into a baby oh hey what's up
good game you're looking pretty good time slows down when i'm around you my secret she says and
then all of a sudden you're a baby and then you just collapse not collapse you just gotta squish
to the ground baby or maybe you just get like two years older and you age out of the league
but like imagine what an amazing opportunity that would be let me think about it to become a baby
again just think would you have your baby again would you have your memories and like all of your
experiences yeah yeah it would be like button man curious you know button man but um it would be
you would have all your experiences but you would be raised by a dodgeball team
would my wife be forced to care for me in this oh that's a good point can my wife become a
baby too because i don't want to good question i really don't want to go through the whole
the whole rigmarole all over again yeah the whole production well oh but if we could both if we
could start dating from baby on oh solid how long have you how long have you and your wife been
together uh about 260 years what yeah see we met this chronomancer uh in the intramural dodgeball
league and she gave us basically like four trips back to the past and uh how do you guys keep it
fresh well we just turned back to our like young totally bodacious bides like i don't
that is of course how we keep it fresh what's your problem uh i just don't do this like don't
do like i i know that you're probably setting this up for like jokes but we've realized over
doing this show 264 times is that right yeah 264 times that like we there there's too much of this
reality in the world like there's too much of this happening really for it to be particularly
hysterical right maybe just go talk to her or don't yeah like don't don't like try to arrange
or be like i played so good she's gonna notice or like oh i bumped it no just like walk over and say
hi just hi hey good game that's a win you talk to a person good job i haven't done that and
oof when was max funcon that was probably the last time that was june damn damn damn damn damn
there was a uh i met the first new person i met in like weeks at charlie's party and he was uh
what appeared to be a 10 year old little gentleman someone charlie knew that you hadn't met
yeah just like a little 10 year old gentleman and uh he walked into a room this is amazing i
don't know who this kid was i'll never see him again he walked into a room where uh me and a
few other adults were checking our phones this little 10 year old kid walks into the room and uh
and he says so uh guess we're all on our phones huh that is some bold ass shit and then he and
then he pulls out his uh uh uh phone and he barely hasn't pulled out when uh sid calls from upstairs
hey it's time to to cut the cake and he slides his phone back no look slides his phone back into his
pocket says huh guess i'll play family guy later what's up the room are you sure it wasn't an angel
i wanted to try to catch him and then when i routed the corner he was gone but like i just
wanted him to teach you like how did you do it you've already got this figured out you're 10
huh guess i'll play family guy later whoop maybe maybe you started listening to my brother my
brother and me when he was four yeah we could hope i guess let's go in money town
guess what underwear i'm wearing right now travis you guys first
first cheetah print incorrect griffin um what if they were trick question two pairs of shorts
yeah trick question they're me undies they're all i wear meundies.com is committed to making
the world's most comfortable underwear that's that why they're the only brand of underwear
i ever wear and unless you're my wife you'll never be able to prove otherwise and and and
listen no joke i wore some like off-brand non underwear i'm glad we're confessing
i went to the gym wearing these non me undies underpants and it was an incredibly unpleasant
downstairs experience yeah i'm my yeah dude my shit turns into a dagobah when i wear that wool
that scratchy wool uh mine's more of cashew i got wookies down there oh boy wookies for days
wookies for days man Justin what star wars planet is your genitals like right now we're offering 20
off your first order when you go to meundies.com slash my brother and if you don't love them get
this your first pair it's free you could be walking around wearing free underwear that you
hate just think about it or that you lied or that you lied about okay you lied about hating
but then you can never buy another pair because then they'll know and they'll come looking for
you with interest if you lie and you know no question if you lie about hating them it will
activate the micro bombs in the fibers and i'll blow your dick up or your vagina up and then your
genitals will be like alderaan the planet that darth vader destroyed at the beginning of episode
four hey this is a neat this is a neat little uh jumbotron sponsor i'm going to tell you all about
uh ear trumpet labs okay these are distinctive great sounding microphones hand built in portland
oregon these mics are made of plumbing parts kitchenware and top-notch electronics have been
chosen like acts uh by acts like the decemberists jason moran and even tim mcgraw oh shit what
the that's awesome they're perfect for musicians recordists and podcasters of all sorts and uh you
can check those out go to your trumpet labs dot com to check out these microphones are going to
be important soon maybe we could check those out that sounds really neat yeah i want to see what
those look like yeah that sounds really cool um i want you to know i'm looking at them right now
they're awesome website they're beautiful yeah they're gorgeous they're gorgeous i got to get
one of these they're awesome another message here by the way if you want to get one of these
messages you can go to maximum fun dot org forward slash jumbotron uh we are backed up for quite a
ways uh but you know so get in early uh if you think you might meet somebody special go ahead
and give them an anniversary uh message now um it should work out just fine uh got a message from
cecily for brian says happy 40th birthday sexy knickers i hope this year is amazing for you
being your lady makes me smile every damn day i am so lucky to have you on my life because you're
kind of awesome keep up the good work not marrying or impregnating me side note you have old balls
seriously they're like 67 and drawing full social security benefits justin i love that it went from
sexy to sarcastic to nicholson full nicholson perfect nicholson impression this is the best
message we ever received because it allowed me to fully finally harness the power of my perfect
perfect perfect jack nicholson impersonation for the kids out there jack nicholson was in wolf hey
everyone we're the flop house one of the newest additions to the maximum fun podcasting network
i'm dan mccoy i'm stewart wellington and i'm elliot kaylen what is the flop house you may very well
ask we watch a bad movie and then we talk about it a bad movie podcast isn't that like every fifth
podcast on the internet i'd answer that by saying one we've been doing this show for over seven
years long before the entire premise of our show was a cliche and two shut up sick burn i'd say
that our show is more of a comedy podcast a podcast about words that sound like other words
a podcast about me singing long irritating songs like this one a podcast about pitches for a ziggy
comic book movie or discussions about sex tarps yeah i mean mostly it's a show about three friends
just hanging out and talking about ding dongs that's mostly used to wait what so if you like
any of those things subscribe in itunes today or visit maximum fun.org to follow the show the
flop house hello brothers my girlfriend is sick she and her family take an immune boosting supplement
that dissolves into water to make a rather unpleasant citrusy drink called airborne
as a stuck-up know-it-all who reads about science i'm aware there's no way to actually boost one's
immune system and that whatever benefit they're getting is from uh from said dissolving tablet
is pure placebo should i confront my sick girlfriend and her family about how they are
being swindled out of tens of dollars every year or should i stay quiet and prevent sounding smart
while they're in pain that's from not a doctor in delmar okay one and i mean this question
sincerely i know that airborne doesn't like cure you or make you better but isn't getting like
vitamin c and stuff good for you yes of course it is this was this is what i'm talking about this
is the psych doctor mispronouncing fruit of course eating vitamins makes you healthier and it cures
your sickness that's 101 stuff it doesn't cure it it does you eat a bunch of vitamins and take
airborne it doesn't make you better you eat enough vitamin c and the vitamin c get into your body
and they're orange when they get in there and i imagine them like bulk these big bulky spheres right
like each one's a big bulky sphere and they just run and they just tackle the disease particles
inside of you and then they carry them down to your bladder and throw them into your bladder
like your bladder's a jail for like disease molecules and shit and then you just pee it out
oh goodness that's all get sit i get sydney on the call she'll back me up on this she will not
not even vitamin c either that you can take a shot of b12 and b12 i imagine more like sort of
red and cylindrical like bullets like kind of like cool guys and they get into your blood right and
the vines he doesn't go to your blood it's mostly in your tummy and then it's like i said throws in
the the viruses in your bladder but the the b12 goes into your blood and there are these like
sharp fast aerodynamic red capsules and they just kill the disease right there they don't
take them to jail they just like go right griffin kill them is the b12 the loose cannon cop or is
the vitamin c the loose cannon which one is like vitamin c is more just sort of like brute strength
imagine them as like the offensive line for your body and your body your body your brain is the
quarterback but your brain can't do the things that the functions that it needs to do if it's got a
bunch of defensive linemen tackling it all the time so what do you need you need a strong barricade
between them and you and that barricade is these vitamin c balls and what does wheatgrass do
wheatgrass is like a sort of the offensive coach right they're not like in charge of your body
because your brain is also the coach of your body but wheatgrass gets in there and it's like hey
blood do better hey there bones you can stand up straighter than that um so none of this is true
and so second and give me give me other healthy things you can put your body and i'll tell them
exactly what they do for you because i we we now have to make up for the the pseudoscience
bullshit that this person just spewed it wouldn't be a successful product if it didn't work first off
no no i mean you like okay here is completely my uh just completely my uh
my own experience that has nothing to do with anything uh uh sydney says that none of those
work and i still take them because i believe you know you clap real hard i just like metaphorically
speaking i believe that's the important thing i believe i think sydney might just have a
a vitamin dragon in her body no i don't think so um i will say that you uh you should know that like
you get most all the vitamins you need from like food you eat yeah but when you're sick you need
extra vitamins right don't you don't cause you that when you're okay i'm not saying airborne
cures anyone here i want to make that clear airborne literally you feel bad literally had
to pay 30 million dollars because they said they were a cold busting formula and they don't bust
shit well they don't but when you feel bad is because you don't have enough vitamins in your
body it's like when your battery's weird down right right and you gotta put in new batteries
to feel better oh that's a good point travis i didn't even mention that when these vitamin c
c these super muscular vitamin c defenders get into your body they don't just like attack the
the they don't just grab onto the viruses and like pull them down out of your body they also charge
you up and they get you feeling really good and so if you're ever tired whenever did you guys know
everybody goes to sleep every night everybody knows that what you may not know is that if you
just keep taking vitamin c throughout the day you can stay awake forever and don't don't the
fluorescent lights the fluorescent lights steal one of your vitamins right yes the rights take
like vitamin k or something like that they get one of those great vitamins they pull the potassium
out of your body you know what in my life one of my biggest disappointments as an adult is that
this concept of like health potions and stuff that i developed from playing like zelda yeah that
there is no like i always thought like coffee would be a thing that like i feel down you drink
it and you feel like whoop whoop yeah and it would be like magic you know or like when you
felt bad if there was some kind of medicine you could take where it's like oh i feel great uh
fish oil fish oil travis imagine your body is just a series of water slides taking
okay nutrients from point a to point b i don't know why your body decides to produce these
nutrients at the opposite place from where they are required but just stay with me your body's
a series of water slides blood slides food slides bone slides muscle slides right and
it's all nerve your nervous system's just a bunch of slides for electricity okay
so that's that is i'm with that's just all true and imagine that you are uh let's just say like
a potassium protein on a bone slide getting ready to go oh they need me down the tibia better get
down there and you hop in but then you you hear like a noise and you feel a discomfort in your
thighs because there's no water there's no water running down this slide i'm trying to get down
the tibia there's no way i'll make it down there because this this isn't slippery at all fish oil
is the water for the water slides of your body okay you just splice splashes on there and then
we down you go and it's good for your your myelin sheaves all of that is all of that is textbook
true so moving on ready for it maybe a yahoo justin what's it seems like i wasn't really
engaging you with my with my tails it's just your lie i mean it's just lies it's like and it's not
like a goofy thing either it's not like you're telling people lies about like their car like
a little extra sugar in there will really help the engine like yeah i mean yes but like it's
their wet human body like what if they take it seriously hold on now i don't want to jump in
here with my pseudoscience but i truly believe that if you hit like maximum like potential
vitamin intake you can body jump sure that's what the movie looper was about right exactly
that's how they avoided the uh i can't even say it uh do you guys want a yahoo yeah uh yeah this
yahoo was sent in by game recognized game rachel spurling thank you rachel it's by yahoo answers
user abdul who asks how do the ufc get your number i was just wait i was just wondering
because a lot of ufc fighter says one day the ufc rang them and asked them if they'll fight
hey justin hey justin it's me ufc commissioner gordon gordon
ufc commissioner gore dan and i uh it's time to call you up for the big show we got you fighting
steel jaw gordon but but my brother my brother i haven't punched anything in weeks there's no way
i'll be ready not since the accident not since not not since i lost my punching in a black
blackjack match you i've just been smelling since then let me uh listen we can get you
back into fighting shape just eat all these eggs shell and all full of vitamins full of vitamins
let me explain how it works your muscles are basically a bunch of water slides all right
montage montage montage you're in the fight um how do you but but this is this this fun fantasy
that we just whipped up is just that unfortunately justin it's just a fantasy because i don't think
you are in the ufc rolo decks yeah well i i tweet my number to pretty much everybody in the ufc so
they should be able to find it with a little bit of googling justin when you turned 18 did you
register with the selective usd service yesterday when you were 11 did an owl come down your chimney
congratulations justin you're a punctured a what you're a punctured airy you gotta go study at
punch wards we're not very creative with the fiction come with me to punch it on alley it's
where you'll buy all your fighting supplies this alley sucks this alley this alley is just people
beating the shit out of each other in an alley have fun here he goes back and he's during the
summer he's like accidentally uses his powers of the dursleys which i'm by which i mean he becomes
abusive and just hits them like no you suck like this sucks you're pushing our aunt and now you're
punching dirt dudley now harry i have to tell you when you were a baby you were attacked by he who
must not be punched no you don't you don't understand that with dementors you punch each of
them like 16 times yeah dementor would like get in front of them and then he would dissipate just as
my punch was going to connect with his spectral body but my punch would go through because that's
how i learned how to punch you punch you punch through the target and then my aunt was on the
other side and i cast expecto punch tronum you just put your keys between your fingers that's a
spell it's a spell and let me tell you something i'm feeling pretty magical right now
how officer officer tumble doors
uh how does the eoc get turned over they probably just call people until they find somebody who
knows you right oh you think it's cold calls yeah like do you know somebody who knows somebody who
knows dana white hey can you put me in touch with justin mcgroy i've heard good stuff but i can't
seem to find his contact anywhere no i'm saying there's a phone tree dana white calls two people
they each call two people and eventually that spirals out until he gets the person he wants
is what i'm saying to you i was picturing like a call center where people were like just like
ringing your number and saying hello this is deborah calling to see if you might be interested
in punching people for money oh you don't have time for the call i understand is there a time
that we could call you back later about punching people for money i'm getting this um i'm getting
this uh uh recently i've been getting this telemarketing call and it's a robo call i guess
uh uh uh where a man just says in a very authoritative voice as soon as i answer the
first thing he says is do not hang up the phone and it's like that is not usually my first instance
like like i answered hello hello oh god what you don't just sell me on not hanging up on you
instantly like that that battle's won i got i got a recorded message the other day in which they had
recorded in us and irms and stuff to make it sound and it was like uh hey this is like you know what
deborah again hey this uh hey this is deborah calling uh i was just calling to see if you
might be interested in a cruise and i was like what uh and hung up i was very off but you
glad you cracked that case though try before it was too late you could have been having a very
a very uh sobering moment out there on the keys where you just sit up you look out the
porthole and say wait a minute that was a robot for too long they can track you right um do you
guys ever think about what your ufc fighting specialty would be because that's what's so
striking to me about the ufc is that there's just there there are so many different ways to fight
another person there are a lot of people there are a lot of punchers there's a lot of throwers
there's a lot of grabbers there's a lot a really popular one is like a twisties like a twisty
situation where you grab a person and you just twist them all up and you twist yourself around
them and they don't know they try to punch you but they're trying to use your arm because they
don't know who's where they stop and where you begin i think i i would probably be recognized
as like a mind changer you don't want to punch me hit once what you don't want to be that's what i
thought that's what you're like a mentalist no i mean like i get punched once and i'm just like
oh no wait i don't want to do this anymore oh i thought oh no no no sorry sorry let me out please
open the door please please open the door let me out i would probably do something pretty manipulative
like i would probably do sort of a runaway jury style calling people who know him and convincing
them that i'm a good dude and then tell them like hey if you really think i'm a good dude could you
pass that on to punch and darryl my opponent for this week and they're like sure no problem then
do i get in the ring he's like man i've heard from a lot of people you're a solid guy i'm not
going to be able to punch you and as soon as he finishes that sentence i turn it to him and i rear
my fist back right like and really flex my muscles and say like i can't punch you either and the ufc
is like what you've solved the riddle and dana white comes out gives me a billion dollars in
the key and he puts me in the walk of vader and we fly out the roof of the place because i solved
it he's raised and put the lights come on is there's just mannequins in the crowd
run it ronda rousey's like where's my where's my money for for the fight where's where's all
the payments that you owe me for the fights and daniel white says you get nothing you lose you
punched the other woman in the face you stole fizzy lifting drink you get nothing good day ronda
that does explain why ronda rousey floated up through the giant fan at the end of her last
how she burped yes travis still have gotten not gotten much traction for my let's organize a
pokemon fight between griffin and ronda rousey although i do have this theory you guys want to
hear it she's obviously the best fighter in the whole world right now um and i'm starting to think
her poke knowledge sort of plays into that because she sees someone coming at her with a kick and
like she has this like built-in matrix of strengths and weaknesses in her brain for real life fighting
and i think that matrix was developed over years and years memorizing type matchups in the pokemon
universe so someone goes for a kick she immediately thinks like may chan and like or she has like a
maybe it's like a um uh mnemonic device where she's like kick kick kick mon chan
that's not one of the names i've just brought shame to myself and my family uh listen that's
gonna do it for us on our podcast we hope you've had a lot of fun we know we have uh really enjoyed
ourselves and we hope you've had a uh a blast uh listen we're on something called the maximum fun
network uh it's a network of podcasts includes another one we make called the adventure zone
one uh uh travis makes called bunker buddies about how to survive disaster and uh and uh
uh there's a ton of great stuff on there we make one called the adventure zone my wife and i make
one called saw bones the medical history show it's great network but uh and i'm producing one
called can i pet your dog yeah it's just launched all about dogs one of the new shows uh but today
i want to recognize one of our uh my our sister podcasts i guess you could say uh the flop house
and say a special congratulations to uh dan and elliot from the flop house who just did their uh
you know john stewart's last show was this week so kind of an end of the era for those guys and
it was a sure it was an emotional time so i just want to send them a an attaboy i went to uh to
stewart too his animal wrangling uh days at the daily show come to a close but uh i i i'm i'm
assuming i don't know if they'll keep him on or not but uh just want to say hey way to go guys
and if you haven't watched both of them both of them appear in that episode yeah uh we also want
to say thanks again to me andies who are dedicated to offering the most comfortable underwear if you
go to me andies.com slash my brother you can get 20 off your first order and really like if you
haven't already done it you just don't understand how your genitals could feel like your genitals
could feel real good right now if you just have me andies on it says all of this in the copy
i don't think it does i'm reading it right now it doesn't it says make sure to compare people's
genitals to star wars planets i want to say thank you to uh daniel and brenda for sending us some
beautiful printed uh uh teen google shirts oh nice yes they're gorgeous and we've got i've got
one for all you guys uh so you can um uh i'll give those to you thank you to uh uh anya and michael
uh uh for the beautiful art you send along uh uh so thank you it's it's gorgeous and i will treasure
it thank you i'll save it i'll give some to the boys too it's gorgeous stuff um if you would if
you have anything you would like to send our way you can send it either to justin's the east coast
hq which is p.o box 54 huntington west virginia 25706 uh or you can send it to the west coast hq
which is p.o box 341769 los angeles california 90034 uh speaking of los angeles we've got la
podfest coming up um we're doing a live my brother my brother me and the first ever live adventure
zone uh if you go to la podfest.com you can use the coupon code brother or zone and you could
watch it live from anywhere in the world um so a lot of people have been like oh you never come to
where i live to do live shows unfortunately the world's pretty big uh and we can only do so many
shows a year but this is a way that you can watch the show live from and not just our shows all of
the la podfest shows there's some really really really really really good shows that i'm excited
to see like uh wtf with mark maron and the giant bomb cast uh they're doing a show i'm i'm i'm
psyched to not only like perform and do our stuff or whatever but to see all the other stuff that's
there and you can get it with this this streaming thing if you use the coupon code brother or zone
you can save five dollars and get all of that for only twenty dollars so access to all the live
shows for twenty dollars uh and it also helps us out and i think it's going to be a super fun thing
to watch and we're really excited to do it la podfest dot com real cool and by the way those
will be um uh archived for a month so if you can't watch when it's actually happening uh no
big deal you can you can watch later uh and so in three weeks i know we're going long i'll try and
burn through this but we're doing shows in the pacific northwest uh portland those shows are
sold out unfortunately we're going to be there thursday or we're going to be there friday the
28th of august is that right yeah that's right yes uh uh and then seattle we're coming for you
uh saturday the 29th uh if you are going to be in town for pax you should come see us you don't get
access or anything with the pax ticket you don't need a pax ticket we're like a totally separate
thing but if you're going to be in town you should come down and see us you can find tickets for that
at bit.ly forward slash mbmb am seattle uh and then the very next day sunday august 30th we're
going to be in vancouver there's still tickets available for that one too and get those at bit.ly
forward slash van mbmb am and if you're going to be at those shows go ahead and start sending in
questions now make sure to put like live show vancouver or live show seattle live show portland
in the subject line so we can tell which ones are for live shows and which one are for our every week
shows um yeah start sending those in now uh and we're also going to have some pretty amazing
posters you guys emily carroll picked them oh my god these posters are incredible brilliant you can
see them on our facebook page or our twitter uh and they're they're really pretty make sure you
bring a little money the show to to buy one uh some people ask if they'd be for sale online i
i really do not know yeah uh it just depends on how many we we sell through at the shows so
uh get them if you want them there uh i want to say thanks a big thanks to john rochrick and long
winters for the use of our theme song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed
it's such a good album such a good song that that they kindly just let us use um so so go
patronize them with uh with money for their music uh and thank you john rochrick and the long winters
and that's gonna do it for us griffin do you have one final yahoo that we can talk about just to
to dwell on and ruminate on yeah yeah it was sent in by level 9000 yadru drew a drew davenport
thank you drew it's by yadru answers user robert who asks did dragons live before during or after
dinosaurs my name is justin i'm travis mcroy i'm griffin mcroy it's been my brother my brother me
kiss your dad square on the lips maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
hi i'm mark and i'm hal and we're the hosts of we got this the show that offers definitive answers
to dumb debates that you suggest every wednesday we discuss the hot button topics you never knew
you cared so much about like whether you should put ketchup on a hot dog what's the best star
wars movie whether it's better to be too hot or too cold coke or pepsi best marvel movie which
is the best religion i told you we're not doing that one so join us every week on maximum fun.org
and don't worry everyone we got this we got this